1. Minimum RTO for a single AZ outage

Since the deployment of the Primary database was Multi AZ, there is already a standby db in another AZ. 
Hence the RTO is practically 0, or at least the time that AWS needs to redirect the traffic to the standby instance.

In this scenario we wont need any people available off-hour times.

2. Minimum RTO for a single region outage.

The RTO in this case is minimum since we already have a read replica in place in another region.
If there's a region outage in the Primary region, we will have to promote the read replica of the Secondary
region as a read-write database but also redirect all the traffic to this newly promoted db.

So, the RTO can be at most one hour, but we will need to consider having people available at off-hour times.
We'll also need a set of instructions and documentation to achieve the database promotion and traffic redicrection.

3. Minimum RPO for a single AZ outage

The maximum amount of time over which we can loose data in the setup that we have deployed for a single AZ outage is 0.
Since we have provisioned a Multi-AZ DB Instance, Amazon RDS automatically creates a primary DB Instance and synchronously 
replicates the data to a standby instance in a different AZ. In case of an infrastructure failure, Amazon RDS performs an automatic 
failover to the standby replica so database operations can resume as soon as the failover is complete.

Since the endpoint of the DB Instance remains the same after a failover, applications can resume operations without the need for
manual administrative interventions.

4. Minimum RPO for a single region outage
If there's a region outage we will have to promote the db in the Secondary region as read-write database.
The Secondary database in another region is asyncrhonously updated so the data is up to date, but in case of a failure we will loose some
input data until the database is promoted as standalone database and until all applications change the db endpoint.

In this case the RPO will behave similarly to the RTO for a single region outage and we will loose incoming data for about an hour or less
if the the staff is alerted opportunely.